README.rst, before:

==========
Chronotope
==========

This package contains application code for the project
**Time has come today** by **Leuphana Universität Lüneburg**.

The chronotope is a concept used in literary theory and philosophy of language
to describe how configurations of time and space are represented in language
and discourse. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronotope)


Installation
============

For installation resources and instructions please refer to::

    https://github.com/rnixx/chronotope-buildout

Credits
=======

- Indexing Inspirations at https://github.com/wwitzel3/sawhoosh


Contributors
============

- Robert Niederreiter (Author)
- Holger Schwetter
- Leuphana Universität Lüneburg
- TU Dresden


History
=======

0.4 (unreleased)
----------------

- Add privacy policy to about section.
  [rnix]

- Project has moved to TU Dresden. Adopt logo and link in footer.
  [rnix]

0.3
---

- Close SQL session properly.
  [rnix]

0.2
---

- Add terms of use.
  [rnix]

0.1
---

- make it work
  [rnix]

Commit message:

Also check for empty submitter and published state when displaying edit note for locations.

README.rst, after:

==========
Chronotope
==========

This package contains application code for the project
**Time has come today** by **Leuphana Universität Lüneburg**.

The chronotope is a concept used in literary theory and philosophy of language
to describe how configurations of time and space are represented in language
and discourse. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronotope)


Installation
============

For installation resources and instructions please refer to::

    https://github.com/rnixx/chronotope-buildout

Credits
=======

- Indexing Inspirations at https://github.com/wwitzel3/sawhoosh


Contributors
============

- Robert Niederreiter (Author)
- Holger Schwetter
- Leuphana Universität Lüneburg
- TU Dresden


History
=======

0.4 (unreleased)
----------------

- Also check for empty submitter and published state when displaying edit note
  for locations.
  [rnix]

- Add privacy policy to about section.
  [rnix]

- Project has moved to TU Dresden. Adopt logo and link in footer.
  [rnix]

0.3
---

- Close SQL session properly.
  [rnix]

0.2
---

- Add terms of use.
  [rnix]

0.1
---

- make it work
  [rnix]
